README.md, before:

# dvdpy
Python interfrace for DVD drives

# Goal

The goal of this project is to provide a python interface for controlling LG/Hitachi GDR-8164B drives over USB on Linux systems. Windows support may be added in the future but beware that Windows 11 may not support all features given that these are very old IDE drives.

# Requirements

* A Hitatchi-LG GDR-8164B drive circa 2007. Note: These drives can be labeled as H-L or LG.
* Universal drive adapter with IDE support from [iFixit](https://www.ifixit.com/products/universal-drive-adapter) or another vendor of your choosing. I use the iFixit adapter because it includes the auxiliary power cable needed to power the drive in addition to the adapter. However, you'll need to remove the plastic case around the IDE connector in order to leave enough room to directly connect the power cable and IDE connector at the same time. 
* Linux (currently tested on Fedora)


# Credits

* the author of the old [friidump](https://github.com/bradenmcd/friidump) project
* the authors of the [unscrambler](https://github.com/saramibreak/unscrambler) project for providing a clear explanation of how to decypher raw DVD data

Commit message:

better clarify the project goal

README.md, after:

# dvdpy
Python interfrace for DVD drives

# Goal

This project is intended to be an educational tool showing Python users how to control LG/Hitachi GDR-8164B drives over USB on Linux systems. Users can explore basic IO operations as well the behavior of Linear Feedback Shift Registers (LFSRs) and Cyclical Redudnacy Checks (CRCs). Windows support may be added in the future but beware that Windows 11 may not support all features given that these are very old IDE drives.

# Requirements

* A Hitatchi-LG GDR-8164B drive circa 2007. Note: These drives can be labeled as H-L or LG.
* Universal drive adapter with IDE support from [iFixit](https://www.ifixit.com/products/universal-drive-adapter) or another vendor of your choosing. I use the iFixit adapter because it includes the auxiliary power cable needed to power the drive in addition to the adapter. However, you'll need to remove the plastic case around the IDE connector in order to leave enough room to directly connect the power cable and IDE connector at the same time. 
* Linux (currently tested on Fedora)


# Credits

* the author of the old [friidump](https://github.com/bradenmcd/friidump) project
* the authors of the [unscrambler](https://github.com/saramibreak/unscrambler) project for providing a clear explanation of how to decypher raw DVD data
